Welcome back.
Now that we have our free to air account up and running, we need to configure the accounts and we're
going to do a few things in this lesson.
Firstly, we're going to configure an account alias.
And this is a way that we can sign in easily using the alias, which is going to be a name that we decide
on instead of using an account number which is a bit more difficult to remember.
We're also going to enable access to billing for IAM users.
What this means is, by default, only the user can ever update or view information about billing.
So what we want to do is make sure that we can actually supply permissions to users in our accounts
who should be responsible for seeing that information.
We're going to update the billing preferences.
There's a few things to do there and creates a billing alarm.
Now, the billing alarm is going to send you an email if you reach a certain threshold so you can set
it to $5, for example.
And if you do forget to turn something off, then you're going to get that warning and that's going
to be sent to you via what's called a simple notification service subscription.
An SMS subscription.
So let's head over to the console and configure our account, so I'm locked into my account as the root
user.
And up in the top right hand corner here there's a dropdown and you can see we have various regions
around the world.
So these are all of the IWC regions that you can launch resources into.
Now for this course, for the most part, we're going to be using U.S. East one North Virginia, so
make sure you have your console set to Norfolk, Virginia within currency.
Go up to services and you'll see a whole list of services under the various categories.
Now we're going to scroll down to where we have security, identity and compliance and choose IAM.
This is the main page for the Identity and Access Management Service.
And as you can see, on the right hand side, here we have an account alias and the account alias is
the same as the account's I.D. and it's just this long number.
So it's very difficult to remember.
So what we're going to do is create an alias that's much easier to remember.
I'm going to choose DCT eight U.S. Cloud Labs.
Now you will have to change that because it does need to be unique.
I'm going to click on save changes.
And now it's created the alias for me.
And that means that next time we log in with an IAM user accounts and it's going to ask for either the
accounts ID or the account alias, it's going to be much easier to remember the account alias.
The next thing we're going to do is to updates our billing information and who can actually access billing
information.
So in the top right hand corner here underneath my account name, I'm going to select my accounts on
the main page here.
I'm going to scroll right the way down to where we can see I am user and roll access to billing information.
I'm going to click on Edit, Activate Iam Access and then updates back at the top of the screen were
then going to choose billing preferences.
I'm going to select all of these options here, so receive a PDF.
Invoice by email makes it easier to look at your bill, receive free to usage alerts and receive billing
alerts as well.
And I need to enter my email address and then save those preferences.
I'm now going to set up my billing alarm.
I'm going to do that by clicking on services.
I'm going to scroll down to management and governance, and we're going to find Cloud Watch.
Cloud Watch is a performance monitoring tool, and it receives information from our services, including
billing information, so we can use cloud watch to monitor the billing information and then send us
a notification using S.A. when we reach the threshold we've defined.
So again, make sure you're in Norfolk, Virginia.
On the left hand side, choose Billing.
Choose Create an alarm.
Select the metric.
Choose Billing.
Total estimated charge and then select USD.
We can then choose select metric at the bottom.
We can leave the defaults on this page, scroll down and here where it says whenever estimated charges
is, we want to have greater than a certain threshold.
So for instance, you might want to set it to $5 or $10 or whatever you're comfortable with.
So I'm going to set minds of five.
Click on Next.
We now need to create the simple notification service topic.
This service is going to notify us by email when we exceed our threshold.
So let's choose create new topic.
We can give it a more descriptive name if we like mine will be called billing alarm and then you can
add the email endpoint.
So I'm going to add in my email address and I'm going to choose create topic and that's done for me.
So now if I scroll down to the bottom of the screen, click on Next.
Give the alarm a name.
I'll also call that billing alarm.
Click on Next.
Scroll down.
And then just create the alarm.
So that's it.
We've now created the configuration on IWC.
Now the subscription is pending confirmation, as the warning message tells you up here.
So go to your email inbox.
Open up the email that you've received and click on the link to confirm your subscription and then your
alarm will be ready to work.